World Bank - World Development Indicators: Health Systems
This is a digest of the information described at http://wdi.worldbank.org/table/2.12# It describes various health spending per capita by Country, as well as doctors, nurses and midwives, and specialist surgical staff per capita

Content
Notes, explanations, etc.

There are countries/regions in the World Bank data not in the Covid-19 data, and countries/regions in the Covid-19 data with no World Bank data. This is unavoidable.
There were political decisions made in both datasets that may cause problems. I chose to go forward with the data as presented, and did not attempt to modify the decisions made by the dataset creators (e.g., the names of countries, what is and is not a country, etc.).
Columns are as follows:

Country_Region: the region as used in Kaggle Covid-19 spread data challenges.

Province_State: the region as used in Kaggle Covid-19 spread data challenges.

WorldBankName: the name of the country used by the World Bank

HealthexppctGDP2016: Level of current health expenditure expressed as a percentage of GDP. Estimates of current health expenditures include healthcare goods and services consumed during each year. This indicator does not include capital health expenditures such as buildings, machinery, IT and stocks of vaccines for emergency or outbreaks.

Healthexppublicpct2016: Share of current health expenditures funded from domestic public sources for health. Domestic public sources include domestic revenue as internal transfers and grants, transfers, subsidies to voluntary health insurance beneficiaries, non-profit institutions serving households (NPISH) or enterprise financing schemes as well as compulsory prepayment and social health insurance contributions. They do not include external resources spent by governments on health.

Healthexpoutofpocketpct2016: Share of out-of-pocket payments of total current health expenditures. Out-of-pocket payments are spending on health directly out-of-pocket by households.

HealthexppercapitaUSD_2016: Current expenditures on health per capita in current US dollars. Estimates of current health expenditures include healthcare goods and services consumed during each year.

percapitaexpPPP2016: Current expenditures on health per capita expressed in international dollars at purchasing power parity (PPP).

Externalhealthexppct2016: Share of current health expenditures funded from external sources. External sources compose of direct foreign transfers and foreign transfers distributed by government encompassing all financial inflows into the national health system from outside the country. External sources either flow through the government scheme or are channeled through non-governmental organizations or other schemes.

Physiciansper1000_2009-18: Physicians include generalist and specialist medical practitioners.

Nursemidwifeper10002009-18: Nurses and midwives include professional nurses, professional midwives, auxiliary nurses, auxiliary midwives, enrolled nurses, enrolled midwives and other associated personnel, such as dental nurses and primary care nurses.

Specialistsurgicalper10002008-18: Specialist surgical workforce is the number of specialist surgical, anaesthetic, and obstetric (SAO) providers who are working in each country per 100,000 population.

Completenessofbirthreg2009-18: Completeness of birth registration is the percentage of children under age 5 whose births were registered at the time of the survey. The numerator of completeness of birth registration includes children whose birth certificate was seen by the interviewer or whose mother or caretaker says the birth has been registered.

Completenessofdeathreg2008-16: Completeness of death registration is the estimated percentage of deaths that are registered with their cause of death information in the vital registration system of a country.

What's inside is more than just rows and columns. Make it easy for others to get started by describing how you acquired the data and what time period it represents, too.

Inspiration
Does health spending levels (public or private), or hospital staff have any effect on the rate at which Covid-19 spreads in a country? Can we use this data to predict the rate at which Cases or Fatalities will grow?
